API: Application Programming Interface, a special part of a computer program or language that lets other programs to give and receive information, and modify it. 
Blog: A website one can create to post just about anything, most commonly to follow this topic and post updates or what one likes to post about on such topic.
Interface: How two things interact with each other for communication. For people using computers, the interface is how the input method and display is designed, to facilitate how we use these tools to do all the things computers do to make our lives easier.
Online discussion forum: A website, often dedicated to certain topics where users can create threads and talk about certain in depth things pertaining to this topic.
Podcast: Streaming audio from the internet, this term got popularized from blogs and users who talked and recorded the audio for users to listen to. Actually why is it called a podcast? People don't just listen to them from their iPods, but somehow Apple's ubiquitous audio device got involved in this.
System: A group of things working together how they're supposed to, to perform its intended task.
Thread: A topic in a forum post where other users can talk about the topic made by the thread creator. Also stands for what task the computer is doing, among the many tasks it has running simultaneously. The modern computer is running hundreds of threads in the background to make the operating system run smoothly.
Trolling: The art of intentionally misleading and upsetting people in an online discussion, most often for the benefit of the trolls amusement.
Wiki: A website where users can create information pages, and then also be edited and updated by those users to update that information they see fit. It is often moderated by a another group of users to make sure that information is true if one user were to put something false or misleading on there.
Wikipedia: The largest Wiki site in the world, with topics about nearly everything where users around the world are free to update and change information should they be someone who is specialized in a certain topic (or not, but the community works to ensure that information is accurate).